Updated docs a bit to help guide through first run experience. (#46)
microsoft/aoai-api-simulator: docs/running-deploying.md

## Running the Simulator Locally

> 1. Before running the Azure OpenAI API Simulator you should ensure that you have set up your local config. See [Azure OpenAI API Simulator Configuration Options](./config.md) for details on how to do this. The first time you run this, you should be sure to set at least the following environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before running the Azure OpenAI API Simulator you should ensure that you have set up your local config. See [Azure OpenAI API Simulator Configuration Options](./config.md) for details on how to do this. 

The minimum set of environment variables you'll need in your `.env` file to run the simulator locally are as follows:
```

    ```python
    SIMULATOR_API_KEY=my-test-key
    TEST_OPENAI_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:8000/

>     TEST_OPENAI_KEY=my-test-key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TEST_OPENAI_KEY=my-test-key
    TEST_OPENAI_DEPLOYMENT=gpt-3.5-turbo-0613
```

    ```  

> 2. Start (or restart) the simulator by running the following command in your terminal from the repository root directory:

Reviewer: What do you mean by restart? If you run `make run-simulated-api` it doesn't return until the service is killed, and if I open another terminal and run `make run-simulated-api` a second time it won't work.

I assume you're saying "or stop, and then restart it, if it's already running" but I think we should assume that anyone going through this "first run" experience won't have started it yet. You can't run the `make` command if it's already running, so anyone following these 4 steps will have to stop it to follow step 2.

Author: Updated with another line regarding restarting the server to pick up config changes.

## Running the Simulator Locally

1. Before running the Azure OpenAI API Simulator you should ensure that you have set up your local config. See [Azure OpenAI API Simulator Configuration Options](./config.md) for details on how to do this.

    The minimum set of environment variables you'll need in your `.env` file to run the simulator locally are as follows:

    ```dotenv
    SIMULATOR_API_KEY=my-test-key
    TEST_OPENAI_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:8000/
    TEST_OPENAI_KEY=my-test-key
    TEST_OPENAI_DEPLOYMENT=gpt-3.5-turbo-0613
    ```  

2. Start the simulator by running the following command in your terminal from the repository root directory:
  
    ```console
    make run-simulated-api
    ```

    Kill the process and run the command again to restart the simulator whenever you make changes to the config.

> 3. Now open the [test-aoai.http](test-aoai.http) file, and send the first POST request.  

Reviewer 2: This link doesn't resolve - based on the env var, I assume this is intended to work with the chat completions http file?

```suggestion
3. Now open the [http/chat-completions.http](../http/chat-completions.http) file, and send the first POST request.
```

Author: fixed
